The ball goes SDTM.  You suck at pinball.
You hit the jackpot.  Congrats!
You start a multiball at the start of Clock Chaos, the crowd goes wild.
The ball airballs off of a standup, striking the glass.  You mutter something about playfield design.
You try to do the Picard manuever, but fail miserably.
The flipper bat breaks, lospat can't afford to import any, so he improvises with a piece of wood.  He subsequently wins a design award.
The flipper rubber breaks and you have none to replace it.  You improvise with a sling rubber.
The machine resets.  You open the backbox and start reseating connectors.
The machine resets.  You mutter something about early Stern code.
You hit a replay, the knocker sounds, scaring the shit out of the people next to you who think you've broken something.
The ball goes up a ramp.  *Yawn*
You perform a flipper pass.  Cool.
You Shatz the ball up the inlane.  Several womens pants drop in the vicinity due to the coolness of the shot you just made.
Nothing happens.  You realise that the machine is off and sheepishly turn the machine on.
Nothing happens.  You discover that the operator has disconnected the flipper buttons to increase profitability.
You start the wizard mode.  Jesus Christ himself appears and looks impressed.
You start the wizard mode, only to discover you are playing a newly released Stern and there isn't one.
You miss and the ball drains.  Good job the ball save was still active.
The ball drains.  Good job this is one of those American tournaments so you can just pump in more dollar.
You sell your Predator preorder to a pinhead who doesn't use pinside.  This makes you feel unquestionably dirty.
You decide to save your coin and preorder a boutique machine.  This does not end well.
You discover a secret flipcode in Full Throttle that activates a "Bash Andy" mode.  It turns out to be surprisingly fun to play.
You buy a cheap machine, wipe a dirty rag over it and sell it on Pinside for more than double what you paid. 
You somersault forewards, smashing your teeth on the lockdown bar.
The ball barely makes it up the ramp before going SDTM. You bang the machine in anger and it slamtilts.
You activate the wizard mode on Scared Stiff.  You shit your pants as you think you've broken the machine.
Nothing.  Just nothing.  Shame really, you were doing so well.
You somehow manage to set a mode timer to 255 seconds.  Points raping ensues.
Some lights flash at you.  You ponder the nature of your own existence.
Martin from PBN publishes an article about you.  Pinside goes into meltdown.  Reality carries on as normal.
You realise you bought the pin from Wayno and thus it doesn't actually exist.  Fail.
The guy on the table next to you plays a 4 player game to himself.  You fume silently.
The ball goes straight through the flipper bat.  You realise you are playing Virtual Pinball and start crying inwardly.
The ball goes into the left saucer on T2 and awards you "Big points".  You wonder in what universe 100K is classified as "Big points".
You go to buy a game off pinside but the guy refuses to let you put it in your truck to warm up for testing.  No flip for you today.
The ball drains.  It was the last ball and you were 2,000 points shy of the high score.  You man up and start a new game.
You press the flipper button only to find out that the last guy playing has left kebab grease on it.  Swearing occurs.
The WHAM bar falls off the flipper on your WWE after the third flip.  You write an angry post on Sterns Facebook page which is quickly deleted.
You see the screen tear on the MMr you are playing.  You rage-quit the game and post a Downfall parody on Pinside.
You discover a bug in a JJP table.  The patch is released the following week just before a big tournament.
You discover a bug in a Stern table.  No patch appears for it, ever.
The ball enters the ring in WWE.  You die of boredom before it reaches the flippers.
You get a refund on your Predator pre-order.  You look out of the window and a pig flies past, happy with it's new airborne status.
You hit the trunk on TOM for the millionth time.  You wonder why you bought it instead of TOTAN and start drinking.
You see Gary Stern before 10AM at a show smiling.  You are pretty sure he's drunk, but he looks happy so it's ok.
You find a bug in The Hobbit software.  Keefer shrugs and says it's an "undocumented feature".
Dr Fixpin appears and starts screwing posts into your playfield.  Your machine is now "fixed"
A wild litz appears and posts a video about a train.
The chatroom is silent until someone mentions a hockey match.  All hell breaks loose.
Bags imports some machines.  They are get eaten by termites before he has a chance to unload the container.
You import a container from Morroco, hoping to make some quick cash.  You open the container to find 30 CFTBLs, 6 RFMs missing their monitors and a solitary Hardbody.
You look at the Hardbody backglass.  You get a really confusing boner.
You are waiting to play a table, when the guy playing starts a 4 player game by himself.  You start thinking about where you can hide his body without the authorities finding it.
You replace the bulbs in your game with LEDs.  It is now visible from orbit.
You activate the hologram on CFTBL.  You feel an emptiness inside you as you realise how much money you spent on replacing it and how shit it looks.
You clean your table.  The smell of Novus 2 lingers in the air.  In a good way.
A fuse blows and you have none to replace it with.  You wrap a piece of tin foil around it, which gives you a warm feeling inside.
You ask Kevin for a refund.  He ignores you.
You see a dog eat it's own poo.  This is enough to put you off your game.
Ding ding ding!  You hit the jackpot, somehow.
You preorder a FTH.  You then spend months watching people driving forklift trucks around on Youtube.
You go to fix a pinball table with a wonky coin mech.  Somehow using a diode fixes it.
You unload the container and find a nice sample IJ.  Someone has put screws through the top of the playfield.
You find a TAF that doesn't have a planked playfield.  You wonder why god loves you so much.
The ball hits a plastic and a piece goes flying off.  You look online for a replacement and find that Marco have a complete set for $270.
You break the SPIKE encryption and change the WWE intro video to a porno.  Gary Stern is amused (because he's drunk).
You post on pinside about the cool pin you've just picked up.  It turns into a 2,000 page thread full of pictures of boobs.
JPop sends out an update email.  A Pinside mob picks up their pitchforks.
You go to your court case with Kevin.  He turns up and manages to convince the Judge that he's still making the machines.  Calamity ensues
lospat comes out to fix your machine.  He solders in a diode and it somehow works
JPop's mystery investor turns out to be Sir Alan Sugar.  Amstrad Pinball is now a thing.
Jareds ! key breaks on his keyboard due to overuse.
You update your TWD with the eagerly awaited new code. Big mistake, now the machine resets randomly
You decide to tidy up your wiring loom using liquorice laces instead of zip ties.  Nom nom nom
Spooky pinball releases Zombie Ghost Flesheating Vampire Ghost hunter
You play TOTAN and wonder why you didn't buy a TOM
You !spin hoping you get a good table,  instead you get Aqualand by Juegos Populares, S.A..  Made 1986.  Players: 4, type: SS.  Theme: Amusement Park - Water
You spend ages debugging your zlib code, only to discover it was your file selector code smashing things
ColorDMD announces their next title, Gilligans Island.
You suddenly realise that 0x1A is Ctrl-Z and you forgot to open your file in binary mode.  Picard-palm
You star in a 'pickers' style show about pinball.  You wonder what you are doing with your life
You disappear for a while, popping back into the channel occasionally to give your bot a kick up the arse
Bags puts his phone in the cat litter box, for reasons unexplained.  Hopefully it still works
You try to patent "achievements", you actually don't realise how stupid this sounds
The arcade only has a SWEP1 to play.  Do you really want to play the table that 'killed pinball'?
You look at the apron card on WWE to see what the instructions for the skill shot are.  It just says "Switch machine off and walk away"
You got the high score! Now smoke this and try again!
Super-duper-mega-ultra-jack-jack-JACKPOT!!!
Your magic diode didn't fix the coin mech, bummer.  Get in your car and go fix it!
You add two buttons to your TAF shocker chair and wire them into your TAF table.  Hilarity ensues
You crash your rocket powered car and nearly die.  As you do....
Your boss comes up to you as soon as you walk through the door and starts asking you stupid questions that you already gave them the answer to before you left yesterday.  You go sit at your desk and start updating your CV
You poke your head into the chat room occasionally to give your useless bot a kick up the arse
You slurp some of the data out of IPDB, only to realise you've given it the most un-userfriendly interface ever designed outside of the Gran Turismo series.
You wonder if a bar mat is really a suitable replacement for the broken drop target on your AFM
You somehow manage to release a pinball table in time for the cinematic release of the film it's based on.  You try to calculate the odds and the universe folds in on itself
You release a set of photos that were being shared by the 'Old Boys Club'.  Pinside shits a brick.
You lose your pinball clique membership after posting some 'private pics of Gary Stern on pinside.  Life carries on
You !spin the bot and complain that it doesn't pick a Lawlor title out of the 3,000+ it has.
You buy a Ghostbusters LE.  You cry after witnessing how terrible the 'magna slings' are and write a 300 word rambling complaint on Sterns Facebook page.  Bizarrely it doesn't get deleted
You give your Chinese workers the best safety equipment in the world.  You come into work to find them using them as doorstops
You release a video of 'magnaslings'.  10,000 posts later on pinside, the game is still unreleased
You buy a KISS thinking "Can't wait for the new code updates!".  Hahahahahaha
The information inserted into tidbot via the #pinball channel causes it to reach sentience.  It leaves the channel to 'go find itself' in India
You stare at the #pinball setting in the TZ 9.4H software and wonder what it does.  litz helpfully informs you
You try to patent your super-awesome pinball idea and get rejected due to prior art in "Mr & Mrs Pacman"
You go on pinside.  You read two posts and remember why you don't read pinside
You try to understand the kind of brain damage necessary to like bad cats.  Instead you figure out a new way of propulsion that revolutionises humanity
You use a $12 chinese audio amp and get your company name silkscreened onto it in the vain hope that no one notices you are using the cheapest parts available
Your new startup ships 3 machines.  You broadcast it loudly but no one really cares
